extensions.md, before:

# Proposed extensions to JSON Schema

Below are the keywords, values and other elements the example schema uses to extend Draft-07 of JSON Schema. 

## Custom keywords 

- x-shouldAutoComplete: Boolean (default: null) 

    This describes whether a field can be auto-completed on the front-end. Helpful for preventing auto-complete on potentially privacy-sensitive fields.  

- x-salesforceMapping: String (default: “”) 

    This will be used to provide the middleware with the context of where the value of a form field exists in Salesforce. This may be defined in two places:
    - Within the definition of a scalar value (string, number, date, etc.). In that instance the value should be of the form `TableName.FieldName`, describing which field in which table the data should be saved in.
    - Within the definition of an array. In that instance the value should be of the form `TableName`, describing which table the array will be saved in. The `x-salesforceMapping` of items within that array should either be on the same table, or on a table that can be related back to that table.

- x-renderer: String, oneOf['password', 'rte', 'textarea', 'typeahead']` (default: null) 

    This property is useful for describing what kind of component should render a form field, when the value does not exist natively in JSON Schema. 

- enumNames: Array (default: null)  

    When an enum is used, this provides labels for each of the values in the enum. Taken from https: //react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/single/#custom-labels-for-enum-fields 

## Custom values: 

- Format: “data-url” 

Denotes a file upload field. See https: //react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/widgets/#string-formats 

## Custom approach to dependencies: 

- Adopt a restricted use of "oneOf" keyword, see https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/dependencies/#dynamic which explains this approach 

## Needs discovery 

The following points are areas which are included in the example schema, but need discovery in to how to achieve.

### x-formula 

We desire a property for declaring that a field should use calculations based on the values of other fields. 

### HTML in descriptions 

It’s not clear from the JSON Schema specs whether it is valid to use HTML inside the “description” value. If it is not, we will need to allow for this somehow. 

### Dependencies 

This is probably the most complex piece of customisation we are proposing to the schema, so it would be good to discuss the approach we’ve proposed (above) in the example schema to get a range of opinions.

Commit message:

Add need for x-salesforceMapping at the top-level

extensions.md, after:

# Proposed extensions to JSON Schema

Below are the keywords, values and other elements the example schema uses to extend Draft-07 of JSON Schema. 

## Custom keywords 

- x-shouldAutoComplete: Boolean (default: null) 

    This describes whether a field can be auto-completed on the front-end. Helpful for preventing auto-complete on potentially privacy-sensitive fields.  

- x-salesforceMapping: String (default: “”) 

    This will be used to provide the middleware with the context of where the value of a form field exists in Salesforce. It is required in three places:

    - As a top-level property of the schema. In that context the value should be of the form `RootTableName`, defining the Salesforce object to which the form relates.
    - Within the definition of an array. In that instance the value should be of the form `ArrayTableName`, describing which Salesforce object represents the array. There must be a relational mapping from `ArrayTableName` to `RootTableName`.
    - Within the definition of a scalar value (string, number, date, etc.). In that instance the value should be of the form `ValueTableName.ValueFieldName`, defining which field in which table the data should be saved in. There must be a relational mapping from `ValueTableName` to either `RootTableName` or, if the scalar value is present in an array, `ArrayTableName`.

- x-renderer: String, oneOf['password', 'rte', 'textarea', 'typeahead']` (default: null) 

    This property is useful for describing what kind of component should render a form field, when the value does not exist natively in JSON Schema. 

- enumNames: Array (default: null)  

    When an enum is used, this provides labels for each of the values in the enum. Taken from https: //react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/single/#custom-labels-for-enum-fields 

## Custom values: 

- Format: “data-url” 

Denotes a file upload field. See https: //react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/widgets/#string-formats 

## Custom approach to dependencies: 

- Adopt a restricted use of "oneOf" keyword, see https://react-jsonschema-form.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/dependencies/#dynamic which explains this approach 

## Needs discovery 

The following points are areas which are included in the example schema, but need discovery in to how to achieve.

### x-formula 

We desire a property for declaring that a field should use calculations based on the values of other fields. 

### HTML in descriptions 

It’s not clear from the JSON Schema specs whether it is valid to use HTML inside the “description” value. If it is not, we will need to allow for this somehow. 

### Dependencies 

This is probably the most complex piece of customisation we are proposing to the schema, so it would be good to discuss the approach we’ve proposed (above) in the example schema to get a range of opinions.
